Welcome everybody. So we'll start with the apologies and I guess we have Hazel, everyone else seems to be here I think. So could I have a mover please? Andrew, just before you do, I had to leave the meeting at 1.30 to attend a future proof meeting, so sorry about that. So my apologies from then. Good as gold. Thanks Jim. So should we include that in the motion as well? If someone would like to move please. Thanks Lou, thanks Susan. All in favour? Aye. Contrary no, it's carried. Disclosure of members' interests. Do we have any today? No, I'll move on to item four, late items. Any late items? No late items. So confirmation of order of meeting. No changes Ken? No, I don't see any need for change. We do have a number of guests joining us at the meeting today, but they're well aware of the time, so yes, I'm hoping they'll be here at the required time. Happy to move Andrew. Graham. Thanks Graham. A seconder? I second Susan. Thanks Susan. I think that was. Cheers. All in favour please say aye. Aye. Contrary no, carried. Okay, item six, which is confirmation of the minutes from 18 February. Have we all, I'll take those as being read. Anything raised from those minutes? Andrew, Graham speaking. My diary is showing me that I was at that meeting, but my name's not recorded there. Right. I was going to bring that up too, so yeah, I think there's some mistake. Thanks Bruce. Okay, so I'm sure we can have that remedied Sam. Yes, we'll make the changes. Thank you. Okay, so with that change, could I have a mover for the minutes to be received as a true and correct recall? Please, thank you Marcus. Seconder? I'll second it. Thanks Bruce. All in favour please say aye. Aye. Contrary no, carried. Thank you. Item seven, Jason. Has Jason joined us? He has. I see him nodding. Hi Jason, how you doing? Good, thank you. Great, and the floor is yours. Okay, Sam, I don't think we had issues with trying to get the presentation, is that right? Oh no, Sam is sharing. Brilliant. Perfect. Thanks Sam. Good morning, or good afternoon, sorry everyone. Thanks for allowing me time just to give you a quick update on where we are as a sector for tourism and particularly for Wai Pa district. So a report has obviously been provided to you and prepared which was our last six months performance at the end of 31st December 2019. As you would have seen, Wai Pa District Council was going through significant growth, probably one of the fastest growing regions for us with regards to tourism impact. You were experiencing double digit growth pretty much through visitor expenditure and also commercial accommodation. But we are here today to discuss just obviously a bit of a change in the dynamic given COVID and the impact for tourism particularly as a sector. Go to the next slide, Sam. Perfect. So just first a couple of slides, obviously just covering off some data. We're now receiving international and national data on a weekly basis from the government and also from the airlines. So no surprise obviously since COVID lockdown and international travel restrictions were put in place, international visitor arrivals into New Zealand have been dropping at a very sharp rate. We still do have airline connectivity which I will go through because we are still maintaining what we call a baseline service for connections across the world, mainly for repatriation flights but also for cargo and service across the country as well. Next slide, Sam. So weekly card transactions, again, no surprise obviously overall our visitor expenditure is down significantly. But when you do look on to the left, top five, obviously food, liquor and pharmacies, we are still seeing some cumulative and some obviously weekly growth in expenditure compared to all our other visitor type expenditure and transactions as well. Thanks, Sam. So the impact for us as a sector, again, look, I mean all of this has been reported but just to cover off in summary, we were already impacted through the loss of China group travel which started in the second to last week of January. So with that, all of our international facing products, our hotels, our motels, our Airbnbs were immediately impacted by that because many of China group travel actually did stay in the Waikato. They were our fourth largest international visitor market behind Australia, North America and UK and Europe. It did shut us down pretty much once international travel restrictions hit us and the visitor economy covers more than just the tourism operators. Again, we've mentioned accommodation, it also impacts retail, hospitality, transport providers, our operators of course but also event organisers and major venues and of course