 I think open welcome everybody. So we'll start with the apologies and I guess we have Hazel. Everyone else seems to be here. I think so. Could I have a mover please? Andrew just just before you did just before you do. I have to leave the meeting at 1.30 to attend a future proof meeting. So sorry about that. So my apologies from them. Good as gold. Thanks Jim. So we what should we include that in the in the in the motion as well? If someone would like to move, please. Maybe the most Mike thanks Lou. Thanks Susan. All in favour. Alright country now is carried. Disclosure of members interests. Do we have any today? No, I'll move on to item four. Late items. Any late items? No late items, so confirmation of order of meeting no changes can. No, I don't see any need for change. We do have a number of guests joining us at the meeting today, but they're well aware of the time. So yes, I'm hoping they'll be here at the required time. Great, thanks Graham a seconder second season. Thanks Susan. I think it was cheers all in favour. Please say aye. Country no carried OK item six, which is confirmation of the minutes from 18 February. Have we all I'll take those as being read. Anything raised from those minutes? Andrew Graham speaking. My diary showing me that I was at that meeting, but my name is not recorded there. Right, I was going to bring that up too, so yeah, I think there's some. Mistake thanks Bruce OK, so I'm sure we can have that remedied Sam. Yes, we will make the changes. Thank you OK, so with that change could I have a mover for the minutes to be received as a true and correct record? Please thank you Marcus. Seconder also going to thanks Bruce all in favour please say aye. I country no carried thank you. Item seven Jason is Jason joined us. He has seen Sam nodding hi Jason. How you doing? Good thank you great and the floor is yours. OK, same I don't think we had as we had issues with trying to get the presentation. Is that right? Oh no, same as sharing brilliant. If it. Thanks Sam good morning or good afternoon. Sorry everyone thanks for allowing me time just to give you a quick update on where we are as a sector for tourism and tourism for Wai Pa district. So a report has obviously been provided to you and prepared, which was our last six months performance at the end of 31st December 2019. As you would have seen Wai Pa District Council was going through significant growth, pretty one of the fastest growing regions for us with regards to tourism impact. You were experiencing double digit growth pretty much through visitor expenditure and also commercial accommodation. But we are here today to discuss just obviously a bit of a change in the dynamic given COVID and the impact for tourism, particularly as a sector. Go to the next slide Sam. Perfect, so just first a couple of slides, obviously just covering off some data we're now receiving international and national data on a weekly basis from the government and also from the airlines. So no surprise, obviously since COVID lockdown and international travel restrictions were put in place, international visitor arrivals into New Zealand has been have been dropping at a very sharp rate. We still do have airline connectivity, which I will go through because we are still maintaining what we call a baseline service for connections across the world, mainly for repatriation flights, but also for cargo and service across the country as well. Next slide Sam. So weekly card transactions again, no surprise, obviously overall our visitor expenditure is down significantly. But when you do look on to the left top five, obviously food, liquor and pharmacies, we are still seeing some cumulative and some obviously weekly growth in expenditure compared to all our other visitor type expenditure and transactions as well. Thanks Sam. So the impact for us as a sector again, look, I mean, all of this has been reported, but just to cover off in summary, we were already impacted through the loss of China Group travel, which started in the second to last week of January. So with that, all of our international facing products, our hotels, our motels, our Airbnbs were immediately impacted by that because many of China Group travel actually did stay in the Waikato. They were our fourth largest international visitor market behind Australia, North America and UK and Europe. It did shut us down pretty much once international travel restrictions hit us. And the visitor economy covers more than just the tourism operators. Again, we've mentioned accommodation. It also impacts retail, hospitality, transport providers, our operators, of course, but also event organizers and major venues and of course, Mystery Creek of Aunty Drome and Lake Harapero are key event platforms for Waipara district. We have had significant job losses and business closures across tourism. I have down underneath that last bullet points, look, the immediate business impact that we have been coaching our businesses through and helping them get through. As some have gone to what we call temporary or seasonal closure. So again, we have a lot of seasonality in tourism. Many who would close for winter have closed, but those that potentially have never closed before, we've suggested they go into hibernation. And so that's what we're calling temporary seasonal closures. We've had a number of businesses, you know, Hobbiton was obviously one of the most public ones reported in the media. But again, all our motels, hotels, retail, hospitality have pretty much reduced service and staff. There's only essential services operating, as we know. But again, with alert level three, we do see some opening up potentially in the hospitality sector for Waipara anyway. And then the last obviously implication for us is we have had a number of businesses who are permanently closing. Not only are these a loss definitely to the tourism industry to try and bring people back when we don't have products, but also particularly for those vulnerable communities where some of these operators have been going for many years. Thanks, Sam.